Hello everyone. In this video we'll be going over the Emotion Booth.
Actually what it does is,
it will take an image here,
and then send that image to Amazon recognition.
And ideally it will be of our face,
and then it will return back an emotion and then we
actually emoter according to whatever emotion it tells us it is.
So we'll start off with harbor requirements first.
So, first you would need the Sensors Mezzanine,
and then you would need to connect the Servo to D3,
so you would need the cable as well.
And then you also need a USB Webcam.
Okay.
And here are some of the software requirements that you might need for this project.
The first one is AWS CLI,
this is the command line interface and you can install it
using the command that we gave you here.
And then you also need the Python SDK.
And also you need to enable the recognition permissions for your IAM user on AWS.
So again, the description of the project is it takes an image here of one of our faces,
either me or Andrew, and then sends that image to Amazon S3,
and there it stores the image.
And then we can use Amazon recognition on that image on Amazon S3.
And it can detect a face.
And it can detect a whole bunch of other things,
such as where the eyes are and stuff like that.
But for now, we're just using it on the emotion part of it.
So when we get the message back and it tells us what emotion we have,
it can either be sad,
happy, or in this case we have neutral for center.
Neutral just means that it's neither sad or happy.
There's a bunch of other emotions that aren't sad or
happy that Amazon recognition will detect.
But for now we'll just count them as neutral.
And basically if we get sad,
we move the Servo to the left,
and if we get neither sad or happy,
we move to Servo to the middle,
and if we get happy we move the the Servo to the right.
So yeah, now we're going to jump into the DragonBoard and run the program,
and show you guys how it works.
Here we are in the terminal and we just ls.
So there's four files here.
The first file is the Makefile.
And if you went through the course too,
and went through all the DragonBoard stuff,
you would know that this file is just for uploading Arduino sketch to
the DragonBoard's Arduino Microcontroller.
And then the second one is Emotion Booth.
That's the Python file, that's the main file of this project.
It captures images, it sends images to AWS,
and runs everything, and even tells the Arduino what to do.
The third file is face.jpg, that's just that.
We're using it as a temporary file.
So Emotion Booth takes the image,
saves the file, and then sends that file to AWS.
And the fourth one is servo_control.ino.
This is the actual Arduino sketch.
This purely just controls the Servo and listens for
a message from Emotion Booth over serial.
So when it sees a certain message,
it will then react accordingly.
We'll now just run into Emotion Booth.
And again, the Servo should go left for sad,
middle for neutral, and right for happy.
So we're just going to run it on Andrew, who's really good looking sad,
and just see if that works.
And we'll see what the output is,
because I'll put it on the Kremlin.
And we can see that he is sad.
He's really good at being sad.
And if we look at the Servo,
if you look at it's the far left, and it's correct.
So next we just go to me and we're going to see if I can make a neutral face.
For that, whenever you just press any key and it should exit.
And then I'm just going to run on me.
I'm trying my best to make a really neutral face.
And my eyes are closed and I can still detect my face fairly okay.
And see that's fairly neutral.
And the Servo is pointing in the upright direction right in the center,
not perfectly center, but that's the best it can do.
So, in this studio right now we have a bunch of lights.
So the lighting addition is a little worse.
But when you run it on your home it should be a little bit better.
And that really white color should go away,
and it should be like a good image.
Finally we're going to run it on happy,
and you can see the Servo in all three states.
So, we're just going to press any key and it should exit and then Python.
So I'm going to try my best to look happy and see how it goes.
It captured the image and let's see.
It looks kind of creepy and disturbing,
but it captured happy and you can see here the Servo moved to the far right.
There are many other images or types of emotions on AWS even other data points,
such as like where the face is.
You can use those, integrate into your projects.
You can even build on this project.
And instead of just using sad, neutral, and happy,
you can integrate some other emotions such as disgusting,
calm, and just make a wider spectrum of where the Servo can go.
So this is just an example of using a cloud service to do some heavy processing,
such as facial recognition and then just get a quick data point back,
and then make an IoT device that reacts to it such as a Servo.
Ideally, this is just a Servo for just doing pointing,
but you could attach it just like potentially to a door.
If it recognizes the happy person,
it will open the door,
and a sad person it would close the door.
But this case, this is just a small project to show you that you can interact with
the real world using this service and a camera.
In the next video we'll be going over the code and exactly how this all works.
But for now, have a nice day and we'll see you next time.